# COIG-CQIA：Quality is All you need for Chinese Instruction Fine-tuning

Welcome to the COIG-CQIA project page. COIG-CQIA stands for **Chinese Open Instruction Generalist - Quality is All You Need**, a high-quality Chinese instruction fine-tuning dataset. This dataset is designed to provide the Chinese NLP community with high-quality and human interaction-aligned instruction fine-tuning data.

## Project Overview

Inspired by studies like *LIMA: Less Is More for Alignment*, COIG-CQIA focuses on creating a dataset from Chinese internet sources including Q&A and articles. These are deeply cleansed, restructured, and manually reviewed to ensure quality, diversity, and relevance.

## Updates

- **[2023.12.04]** 🎉 Released version 0.1 of the dataset. SFT models fully fine-tuned using v0.1 of the dataset are based on Yi-6B-base and Yi-34B-base.

## Models

Leveraging the COIG-CQIA data, we have developed a series of SFT models based on the Yi series.

| Model Name | Base Model | Download Link |
| --- | --- | --- |
| CQIA-Yi-6B-v0.1 | Yi-6B-base | [Download](#) |
| CQIA-Yi-34B-v0.1 | Yi-34B-base | [Download](#) |

### How to Use

```python
from transformers import AutoModel
```

## Sample Demonstrations

<details>
<summary><b>Logical Reasoning</b></summary>
<p>

> Input: 

> Response: 

</p>
</details>

## Dataset Details

### Data Format

```json
{
    "instruction": "Example question or instruction",
    "input": "Supplementary content for the question or instruction",
    "output": "Response to the input",
    "task_type": {
        "major": ["Q&A"],
        "minor": ["Encyclopedic Q&A"]
    },
    "domain": ["Encyclopedia", "Maternal and Child Health"],
    "answer_from": "human",
    "human_verified": true,
    "copyright": "Copyright information including author details...",
}
```

### Data Fields

- `instruction`: The command or question for input.
- `input`: Supplementary content for the instruction or question.
- `output`: The corresponding response.
- `task_type`: The main and sub-task types the data belongs to.
- `domain`: The field to which the data belongs.
- `answer_from`: Whether the response is written by humans or generated by large models (with human verification).
- `human_verified`: Indicates if the data has been verified by humans.
- `copyright`: Information about the data's copyright, including the author.

### Dataset Breakdown

[Here, provide a detailed table similar to the one in your original content, translated into English]

## Citation

To cite COIG-CQIA in your work, please use the following format:

```json
@misc{COIG-CQIA,
  author = {},
  title = {COIG-CQIA: Quality is All you need for Chinese Instruction Fine-tuning},
  year = {2023},
  publisher = {GitHub},
  journal = {GitHub repository},
  howpublished = {\url{https://github.com/paralym/COIG-CQIA}},
}
```

Additional relevant citations:

- Zhang et al. (2023) on Chinese open instruction generalist
- Jianxin Yang's Firefly (流萤) project

